well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today
we are going to talk about florida and
vacationing in florida
because in case you haven't heard we are
open for business down here
and i know what that means are already
loading up ready to hit the trail
if you are headed to uh the panhandle
you're probably picturing those white
sandy beaches and that emerald green
water
if you're heading to south florida
you're picturing those big cities with
all those cultural attractions
so much to see and do and if you're
heading to the northeast corner
you're probably somebody really into
history and you're looking at those
landmarks that have been there for like
500 years
and if you're heading to central florida
i'm sure you have your reasons but if
you don't know
our government has decided that we are
open for business no restrictions
whatsoever
and we're good now as soon as that news
went out i had a whole bunch of people
you know ask questions and i'm gonna do
my best to answer those questions
the number one one was bo are you
worried
and the answer is no no of course not
if there's anything the rest of the
country knows about florida and florida
man
it's that we do things the right safe
and cautious way
all the time our politicians in
tallahassee took a look at all the
information on
all of the evidence except the stuff
that wouldn't agree with what they
wanted to do
and decided this was best for
everybody's wallet
at the end of the day florida is a
tourist state and we are
broke we need your money so y'all come
on down
now some of the other questions that
have come up are you worried
that this is going to impact your case
rate and again the answer is
no no first we're not worried about
looking like a laughing stock because
we're already handling this really
poorly
so it's not like it's going to make us
more of a laughing stock to be honest i
mean it is what it is we're flooring
now on top of that it's probably not
actually going to impact our case rates
much
because most people only come here for a
week so you're going to come here
spend your money which that's the
important part then you're going to go
home and be a drain on the health care
system
there not here this is a win-win-win
for everybody in florida
now one of the other questions is about
our aging population
because we have a lot of older people
here in florida and you know
are am i worried about that and again
the answer is no
of course not for decades everybody has
referred to
to florida as as god's waiting room
this is just the government doing what
governments do trying to be more
efficient
nobody likes hanging out in a waiting
room they're just trying to get people
where they want to go and it's good for
the economy and that's what matters
now the other question is
you know what about capacity okay now on
that one
yeah it's going to be packed people
haven't been able to come here for a
while so people are going to come down
but let's be honest if you come here as
a tourist
the fact that it's packed that's one of
the reasons you come
that's how you know you're eating a good
restaurant in a tourist area because all
the other tourists are eating there
so yes it's gonna be it's gonna be a
little crowded but that's all right
don't worry about it we got room for
everybody
we'll be all right look at the end of
the day
it's not like our politicians in florida
would lie like they
do all the time
if you are from out of state please
please
do not let anything a politician in
florida says
ever influence any of your decisions
about anything
ever listen to the medical experts
listen to the people that know what
they're doing not the guy who didn't
know how to put on his mask
i'm not joking that's who made this
decision
you do what's right for you and your
family
people in florida will be fine the
people who are pushing this
are the people at the very top who are
concerned about their bottom line
and i personally am totally okay
with things being slow here if it means
that people are going to be okay
we don't need to become a nexus point
for transmission
listen to the people who know what
they're talking about
not the people who from the very
beginning
sat there and said florida's not going
to worry about this we have it under
control
because we don't anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day